Throughout my life, I have always been concerned about my grades. My GPA would determine where I went to college and what kind of scholarships I would receive. As I completed classes for my undergrad degree, I was still concerned about my grades; receiving "bad" grades would put me at risk at losing my scholarships.
This caused me to focus on material for short amount of times and barely recall that information months later. I was so focused on cramming material into my brain during a short amount of time that I did not actually do a great job of learning the material. 
    
In terms of writing papers, grades represent how well a student understands their professor. What would they want to read? How can I receive top marks on their rubric? Within my honors classes, I never wrote things how I wanted to. I was more concerned about sounding intelligent rather than using my true voice to write. 
In science classes or any other class where you are given an exam, grades are essentially how well you can memorize and recall that information. Very few questions actually applied that knowledge, so you did not have to fully understand what you memorized. 

I've taken many science classes during my undergraduate career and there are very few classes where I felt like my grade did not match what I thought I deserved. During the senior year, I took cadaver lab *(BMS 309)*. This course was sorely based on identifying muscles, bones, and nerves of the human body without the professor really guiding you. This class required dedication and patience. 
You had to go to the tutor lab to study different cadavers a few times a week to even do decent on the exams. For only being a __one__ credit course, you put more time in than a __three__ credit course. However, no matter how much I spent on the lab and studying all the different parts, I did not receive the grade I wanted or thought I deserved. 
Each cadaver was somewhat different with how their muscles looked or how well they were dissected. This class required so much concentration and dedication. For the amount of time and practice I put in to this class, I think I deserved a higher grade. I had always loved learning about anatomy and found it so interesting. However while I was taking this class, I was so focused on 
memorizing the muscles and where they were in relation to other muscles that I did not take the time to appreciate what I was learning. I was studying muscles on a real human body and I was only concerned about memorizing to do well. 

Within *Kohn's* article, he also talks about how students will chose an easier task in order to receive a "good" grade. During my senior year of high school, I was in this English class where we interpreted films and wrote papers based on the film concepts we were discussing. Our final project involved reading a book and comparing it to the movie using the film vocabulary we used throughout the semester.
I knew that I could've picked a book that was actually at my level or more than 100 pages, but I didn't want to risk rushing the project or spending too much time on it. I knew that if I wrote a paper good enough, I could still receive an "A." That being said, I chose to do my project on "The BFG." I had never read or seen the movie before, but I thought that it would be an easy project to complete. 
I was right, it was easy. It was almost too easy. I knew I could've done more, but I was so hung up on getting an A, that I did not push myself. 

Grades are odd and distract us from learning, but I'm also afraid to not have them. Ever since I was a kid, I was focused on grades and told that they would be worth something. Trying to do school without them would definitely be a huge adjustment for me, but I have to get used to it. The rest of my life isn't going to be graded. 
